Allow multiple prometheus and promtail targets (#369)
metal-stack/metal-roles: partition/roles/monitoring/prometheus/README.md

| ------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| prometheus_port                                  |           | Port for prometheus                                     |
| prometheus_image_name                            | yes       | Image version of the prometheus                         |
| prometheus_image_tag                             | yes       | Image tag of the prometheus                             |
| prometheus_config_host_dir                       |           | The host directory for prometheus configurations        |
| prometheus_data_host_dir                         |           | The host directory for prometheus data                  |
| prometheus_alertmanager_target                   |           | Targets for the alertmanager                            |
| prometheus_alertmanager_basic_auth_username      |           | The username for the authentication to the alertmanager |
| prometheus_alertmanager_basic_auth_password      |           | The password for the authentication to the alertmanager |

> | prometheus_remote_write                          |           | Remote write target for prometheus                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| prometheus_remote_write                          |           | A list of remote write targets for prometheus, see https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#remote_write                       |
```
